Update landing page for v1.0 launch (#762)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/index.md

        <div class="flex flex-wrap justify-between items-center">
            <div class="text w-full md:w-1/2">
                <h2 class="h2 mb-8">What is SLSA?</h2>

>                 <p><strong>Supply-chain Levels for Software Artifacts, or SLSA ("salsa").</strong></p>

Author: This one I'm hesitant about changing. If we take out this hyphen, the SLSA acronym no long works and the lowercase "c" looks odd. Meaning, this hyphen is carrying some baggage in that it keeps the project from being "ScLSA." 

Are people open to leaving only this hyphen, sort of grandfathered in, given it's the name of the project itself?

        <div class="flex flex-wrap justify-between items-center">
            <div class="text w-full md:w-1/2">
                <h4 class="h2 mb-8">Levels of assurance</h4>

>                 <p>SLSA levels offer a common language to talk about the security of software supply chains and their components. These industry-recognized best practices start with simpler steps at the lower levels that build up and protect against advanced threats at the higher levels, offering increasing assurance for the builds and sources in open source or commercial software. Bringing SLSA into your work means prioritized, practical measures to prevent unauthorized modifications to software, and a plan to harden that security over time.</p>

Reviewer: > increasing assurance for the builds and sources in open source or commercial software

I'm not sure why we call out open source and commercial software here?

Author: I think that phrase was already there before this PR, not something I added. But happy to discuss: what about the differentiation is sticking out to you? Would you prefer it just say "software?"

Reviewer 2: I actually think that's not a bad thing to have. There is so much focus on securing open source software that people lose sight of the fact that if it impacts open source it impacts all software given that there is hardly any software that doesn't use open source anymore.

Reviewer 2: LGTM

Reviewer: Thanks Arnaud.

I made a suggestion in https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/pull/762/files#r1163994317, in case that's easier

Author: updated, thanks!

>                 <p>SLSA levels offer a common language to talk about the security of software supply chains and their components. These industry-recognized best practices start with simpler steps at the lower levels that build up and protect against advanced threats at the higher levels, offering increasing assurance for the builds and sources in open source or commercial software. Bringing SLSA into your work means prioritized, practical measures to prevent unauthorized modifications to software, and a plan to harden that security over time.</p>

Reviewer: Making a committable suggestion, per discussion in https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/pull/762/files#r1162579209
```suggestion
                <p>SLSA levels offer a common language to talk about the security of software supply chains and their components. These industry-recognized best practices start with simpler steps at the lower levels that build up and protect against advanced threats at the higher levels, offering increasing assurance for the builds and sources in software. Bringing SLSA into your work, whether that is open source or commercial, means prioritized, practical measures to prevent unauthorized modifications to software, and a plan to harden that security over time.</p>
```

                <h4 class="h2 p-0">Who is SLSA for?</h4>
            </div>
            <div class="w-full md:w-1/2 md:mt-0 mt-8">

>                 <p>SLSA is for everyone involved in producing, consuming, and providing infrastructure for software.

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's exactly the right term but this should be aligned with the terminology we use in the spec.

>                 <p>SLSA is for everyone involved in producing, consuming, and providing infrastructure for software.

Reviewer 3: I agree that "providing infrastructure" is too vague. We probably also want to address build system providers since they have to update their systems to produce provenance. Is that included in "producers"?

>                 <p>SLSA is for everyone involved in producing, consuming, and providing infrastructure for software.

Reviewer 2: Ok, maybe the following would align better with the spec?
```suggestion
                <p>SLSA is for everyone involved in producing, consuming, and providing infrastructure for software such as build systems and package management ecosystems.
```

>                 <p>SLSA is for everyone involved in producing, consuming, and providing infrastructure for software.

Author: That clarification looks good to me. I like that it keeps "infrastructure providers" versus "distributors," since "distributors" opens ambiguity about where certain services sit (does CI/CD fall under producer? under distributor?).

>                 SLSA can help create more trust across the entire supply chain. It can be used by producers for protection against tampering and insider threats, by consumers to judge the security practices of the software relied on, and by infrastructure providers as a guideline for hardening build systems and processes.<p>

Reviewer 2: As @arewm pointed out SLSA doesn't really help one "judge the security practices". This is again too generic. I would suggest referring to verification with something along the lines of:
```suggestion
                SLSA can help create more trust across the entire supply chain. It can be used by producers for protection against tampering and insider threats, by consumers to verify the software they rely on is secure, and by infrastructure providers as a guideline for hardening build systems and processes.<p>
```

Author: SGTM

>                 Whether you're a producer using SLSA for protection against insider risk and tampering, a consumer using SLSA to judge the security practices of the software you rely, or an infrastructure provider using SLSA to harden the systems connecting them, SLSA helps you create more trust across the entire supply chain.<p>

Author: > SLSA doesn't really help consumers judge the security practices (I left that part in, but I think it needs to change). Does it instead help to capture supply chain considerations in the final artifact?

Is it "security practices" that isn't quite right? I was thinking that a SLSA level helps consumers judge whether they trust an artifact based on the requirements it it reflects. I was trying to go a little higher level in terms of what each type of user gets from SLSA.

>                 Whether you're a producer using SLSA for protection against insider risk and tampering, a consumer using SLSA to judge the security practices of the software you rely, or an infrastructure provider using SLSA to harden the systems connecting them, SLSA helps you create more trust across the entire supply chain.<p>

Reviewer 4: I think the two comments by @lehors in addition to this change that you have already pushed would be good. I agree with what is said later.

I think this thread can be resolved.

>               <a href="get-started#reaching-slsa-level-1" class="hover:no-underline">

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
              <a href="get-started" class="hover:no-underline">
```

(The old anchor is no longer correct."
